Update Go documentation (#440)
developer-portal/content: tech/languages/go/go-packages.md

## Go packages from upstream

> Upstream projects can be installed with `go install` command, but only if they have `main` package. Package names follows the import paths so to install `github.com/go-delve/delve` from GitHub you need to reference the `main` package with a suffix like `@v1.2.3` or `@latest` run:

Reviewer: Minor grammar fix + delete the run word if the following suggestion is applied.

```suggestion
Upstream projects can be installed with `go install` command, but only if they have `main` package. Package names follow the import paths so to install `github.com/go-delve/delve` from GitHub you need to reference the `main` package with a suffix like `@v1.2.3` or `@latest`.
```

> ```console
> # Install a specific version.
> $ go install github.com/go-delve/delve/cmd/dlv@v1.8.2
> 
> # Install the highest available version.
> $ go install github.com/go-delve/delve/cmd/dlv@latest
> ```

Reviewer: I'd rather split this code block into 2 separate parts.

````suggestion
To install a specific version run:
```console
$ go install github.com/go-delve/delve/cmd/dlv@v1.8.2
```

To install the highest available version run:
```console
$ go install github.com/go-delve/delve/cmd/dlv@latest
```
````

Author: Makes total sense!

To install `golang-googlecode-net-devel` package, you use DNF as usual:

```console

> $ sudo dnf install golang-googlecode-net-devel

Reviewer: ```
$ sudo dnf install golang-googlecode-net-devel
Last metadata expiration check: 2:08:10 ago on Fri 17 Jun 2022 12:53:04 PM CEST.
No match for argument: golang-googlecode-net-devel
Error: Unable to find a match: golang-googlecode-net-devel
```

Missed this one when reviewing, according to the fedora page, it was renamed to `golang-x-net-devel`: https://src.fedoraproject.org/rpms/golang-googlecode-net
